Here, we'll demonstrate how to use a filter to
see only results with the training status Overdue.
To filter, select Search Filters
and enter the keyword Training.
Then, find the Training Status filter, and
select the toggle to turn the filter on.
Note the teal box that says, Include all, which
means the filter isn’t filtering anything yet.
Edit the filter by hovering over the
Training Status box to reveal and
select the pencil or Edit Filter icon.
This will open the Edit Filter window.
The default selection will be Include all (no
filter applied). Remember, for this example,
you want the filter to only show results with the
Training Status Overdue. There are multiple ways
to manipulate the filter to do what you want.
The easiest method would be to select the
option next to Find, and use the search to find
the field or fields you need. The Select All
option will select all the results within your
search. But for a short list like this, you can
simply select the checkbox next to Overdue.
Another method would be to select the option
next to the Is not and Select from list dropdowns.
Then, select the Is not dropdown, and select Is.
Finally, select the Select from list dropdown,
and select the checkbox next to Overdue.
Lastly, select the Apply button.
The widgets now only show results based
on the training status Overdue filter, making
it incredibly simple to interpret the data.